Password: M6h3dpog6769
Server manager set to start 
start up a network to make changes
Set the following:
IP Address:  10.0.5.5
Netmask: 255.255.255.0
Gateway 10.0.5.2 
DNS 10.0.5.2
Discoverable option.  If this dialog shows up, select Yes for those systems on your LAN.
Time should be set to UTC-5:00 Eastern Time (US & Canada)
Computer name:  ad01-thomasmarshall (make sure you get this right)

Using a command or PowerShell prompt, double-check that your hostname has been set and that you have external connectivity, as shown below.
use commands 
* whoami
* ping google.com
Open Server Manager.  From the Manage menu, select Add Roles and Features

Select Active Directory Domain Services->Add Features.  Pick Active Directory Domain 
Click next until you reach server roles
Select ACTIVE DIRECTORY DOMAIN 
once selected ,just click next until install(play clash while it installs)
Once installation is done, click close, and at the top right, there will be a flag. Click on the flag, then press Promote this server to a domain controller 
Make absolutely sure you have set the hostname before moving forward with promoting this system.
Once you click on  promotion, you must click add a new forest then follow these steps 
Name this forest yourname.local, where yourname is your first name.
Enter a DSRM password.  This password is used to recover the directory in case of error.  You would use it in production if things went terribly wrong.
Password for DSRM(password I put in after setting up name(thomas.local) on new forest 
Password for DSRM: 9676gopd3h6M
Because we gave our environment a .local top-level domain(TLD), an error is indicated during installation.  Valid top-level domains are domains like .com, .gov, .edu, and .net.  Because this is an internal domain, we will leave it as is.  
The naming of local domains is the subject of many debates among systems administrators.
password is entered, keep clicking next until installation 
once logged back on, you should have a new DNS, and it should point to 127.0.0.1. To check, open Server Manager, then go to local server, then click Ethernet 
now open up PowerShell and enter the following commands 
-hostname
-ping 10.0.5.2
-ping fw01-thomas
all commands should work except the last one the last one should say could not find fw01-thomas cgeck name and try agaibn 
now open up server manager and goto DNS then right click on the dns that says ADD01-THOMASMARSH with ipv4 of 10.0.5.5 and click dns manager 
once you are in dns manager click the arrow which should show more options then  right click onto reverse  lookup zone
add new zone follow the defaults, and add a Network ID for 10.0.5.

then once that is done goto thomas.local 
then click on fw01-thomas, goto properties, check ptr off then apply then recheck and apply, and do the same for ad01-thomasmarshall
The reverse dns entry for fw01 and ad01 should now be in the 5.0.10 reverse lookup zone.  You may need to refresh the view:

once you have confiermened goto AD DS and right click ad01-thomas and goto active directory users and computers 
Under the Domain's user folder, add a new User.
This user (thomas.marshall-adm) will be a Domain Administrator and will have a distinct suffix (ADM) to show this.
Uncheck user must change password at next login.
Password:OETcq33
Add this user to the Domain Admins Group by right clicking on the new user 
must  uppercase D and A

Create a non-privileged account (Skip the addition to Domain Admins) for user thomas.marshall

From this point forward you will login using your AD thomas.marshall or thomas.marshall-adm accounts depending on the privileges you need, and not the local accounts.

Password for non admin:33qctEO
Uncheck user must change password at next login.

Set wks01's DNS to 10.0.5.5 (ad01's address), since our DNS has those 2 new A and PTR records created earlier.
now goto powershell and run these commands 
-nslookup 10.0.5.2
which should show the name of ur local which are u are gonna run the next command on in my case it was fw1-thomas.thomas.local
-nslookup fw1-thomas.thomas.local
-ping fw1-thomas.thomas.local
now goto Control pannel, then System and Security, then system then change settings then click change under the settigns 
then check domain and type thomas
and enter the password and user which is 
User:thomas.marshall-adm
Password:OETcq33
